Improve RFC template (#21)
bevyengine/rfcs: template.md

- If applicable, provide sample error messages, deprecation warnings, or migration guidance.
- If applicable, explain how this feature compares to similar existing features, and in what situations the user would use each one.

> ## \[Optional\] Examples

Reviewer: I'm not sure we should encourage RFC developers to come up with complete self-contained examples (on top of the author-selected example snippets provided in the user-facing explanation):

1. Coming up with a compilable example without an implementation of the feature to run through a compiler is a big ask
2. Choosing the best holistic example to teach a given feature isn't necessarily the same as picking the best code snippets to introduce a feature in an RFC.
3. Full examples do take up space and create new logistics problems like requiring collapsible sections. 

To me this feels a bit like "additional" work that often can't be efficiently completed without a working impl. I'm pretty cool with just asking RFC implementers to come up with examples (when they are relevant).

Author: I agree with 1 and 2 for sure, and 3 can be a bit tricky. This is why I marked it as Optional; I think it's not a great fit for many RFCs but critical for others.

In particular, this was inspired by the UI work, where complex vertical slices are really important for seeing how everything fits together. I think this applies in a number of other domains too (e.g. physics, subworlds or scheduler APIs) where a lot of the challenge in a good design is in complexity management. The idea was to structure those slices by relating them to work that Bevy itself can use directly so then it doesn't go to waste.

People can always add bonus sections I guess, but I figured a cue and some concrete advice might be helpful for when it applies :)

Regardless on what we decide, I think the advice in this section on "What makes a good Bevy example" is valuable and if it doesn't end up here we should drop it in CONTRIBUTING.md or the like :)

Reviewer: I think I'd prefer to just let this line from the "User-facing explanation" section to be open-ended based on the scope of the rfc: "Explaining the feature, ideally through simple examples of solutions to concrete problems."

Something like a UI RFC without UI examples isn't very useful, so we can/should encourage people to provide more examples where relevant.

My preference is to just remove the example section here and add the "what makes a good Bevy example" section to the Contributing section of the Bevy Book. I want to keep the RFC template "lean", and a large section requesting complete compilable / Bevy-example-folder-ready examples feels a bit "heavy", even if it has the optional label.

Author: Done. I think this should be ready to merge now then @cart.

Lay out the examples that Bevy should add to either the examples folders or the doc comments to help new users discover and learn about this feature.
These can either be completely new, or simply changes to existing examples.
When completing this section, you can but do not have to write all of these examples yourself.
Describing them in sufficient detail that another developer can do so is perfectly fine.

> If your examples are particularly long, please provide a brief description and link to a [Gist](https://gist.github.com/) for each.

Reviewer 2: What about suggesting to wrap the code into a collapsible? A gist could be accidentally deleted and difficult to track and be kept in sync with the RFC.

Author: I agree with this; I'd forgotten about this functionality! This looks to be a pretty good link that explains how to do so: https://gist.github.com/pierrejoubert73/902cc94d79424356a8d20be2b382e1ab

> If your examples are particularly long, please provide a brief description and link to a [Gist](https://gist.github.com/) for each.

Author: ```suggestion
If your examples are particularly long, please use a [collapsible section](https://gist.github.com/pierrejoubert73/902cc94d79424356a8d20be2b382e1ab) with a summary for each example.
```
